so hi and this is my first video on my
channel my first channel and today I'm
actually going to be doing um how to
draw a braid which is actually quite
easy and all you need is a pencil a
pencil and a eraser so first thing you
want to do to achieve just use this
really quite easy great you're gonna
want to do like a zigzag kind of thing
so you want to start from here and it
may not cute but bailiff amigos
okay so now if you have this kind of
jacket and I said get down you want to
make it smaller so this is a smaller I'm
gonna go you could go smaller but he's
gonna get kind of harder so you you just
want to draw lines you don't want to
make them too big though make the lines
too big and won't you're not good I've
learned in my past drawings and you need
to get the first time because um it's
not easy but it's easy but it can be
complicated for some people but I'm
trying to make any easiest way possible
and first thing you want to do if you
want I'm just like guys have to make
these Taylor buddies and I think this
time I did see you guys even though I
know how to do this everybody makes
mistakes and do the drop bubble bubble
see
you just went on downwards this way -
easier for me thank you guys so you see
you have your grade whatever if you want
to fix it you can and what I like to do
is shoot a little like I'll watch lookee
here would be and then I just do like a
little something really dark and that
would be the elastic hair to it whatever
and then I just do is sorry let me
change this I just drove in late lines
which is I could be hair and then why I
like to do at the top is this a curve
thing
I destroy here is kind of all over
yeah
see here all around then for this I just
do light streaks here and there and I'm
it's uneven because that's how you here
usually is it's not always like Oh
perfection so that's way too low oh not
the best so yes guys this is how you do
it and it's quite easy and once you do
it a few more times you can actually
achieve the look and this one actually
took me on to get really good at and
it's not this is a my perfect one I
think so far it's because like I kind of
had to play with it a little bit and
that's what you see all of these lines
over here it's because I tried and I'm
sorry I tried and tried again so now you
know how to do it to draw this you can
actually color anything you can make it
your own yeah so this is my first video
and bye guys